[user-authn] [Docks] Added descriptions for crowd groups (#5615)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/150-user-authn/docs/USAGE.md

Paste the generated `Application Name` and `Password` into the [DexProvider](cr.html#dexprovider) custom resource.

> CROWD groups, specified in lowcase format for custom resource DexProvider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CROWD groups are specified in the lowercase format for the custom resource `DexProvider`.
```
